[KOGITO-9094][KSW-Guides] Support external resources configuration for Workflow CR in devmode (#340)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/external_resources_configuration_for_workflow_CR_devmode.adoc

= Support external resources configuration for Workflow CR in dev mode
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:

> :description: Configuration workflow Dev Profile builder image via Platform

Author: fixed

:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, config, openshift, containers

This document describes how to use external resources configuration for Workflow CR in devmode with the {operator_name}.

> #### External files

Author: ok

> #### External files

Author: ok

= Support external resources configuration for Workflow CR in devmode
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Configuration workflow Dev Profile builder image via Platform
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, operator, kubernetes, minikube, config, openshift, containers

> This document describes how to use external resources configuration for Workflow CR in devmode with the {operator_name}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to use external resources configuration for Workflow CR in dev mode with the {operator_name}.
```

Author: ok

#### External files

In development mode, different external files can be edited.
Each file type should be saved into a different configmap.

> In order to be able to edit a file via a configmap, you must set up an annotation in your KogitoServerlessWorkflow CR which reference the specific configmap which is already existing into the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to edit a file via a configmap, you must set up an annotation in your KogitoServerlessWorkflow CR which references the specific configmap which is already existing in the namespace.
```

Author: ok

> In order to be able to edit a file via a configmap, you must set up an annotation in your KogitoServerlessWorkflow CR which reference the specific configmap which is already existing into the namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to be able to edit a file via a `ConfigMap`, you must set up an annotation in your `KogitoServerlessWorkflow` CR which references the specific `ConfigMap` which is already existing in the namespace.
```

> Then, each annotation entry will be turned into a file inside the path `src/main/resources/<File type specific folder>` and using the key as the filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, each annotation entry will be turned into a file inside the `src/main/resources/<File type specific folder>` path and use the key as the filename.
```

Author: ok

> See the table below for the supported types and the corresponding annotations and folder paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the following table for the supported types and the corresponding annotations and folder paths:
```

[cols="1,1,1"]
|===
|File type  | Annotation                       | Folder path

> | CamelRoute| sw.kogito.kie.org/resource-camel | src/main/resources/routes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|CamelRoute| sw.kogito.kie.org/resource-camel | src/main/resources/routes
```

Author: ok

|AsyncApi   | sw.kogito.kie.org/resource-openapi  | src/main/resources/templates
|OpenApi    | sw.kogito.kie.org/resource-asyncapi | src/main/resources/specs
|Generic    | sw.kogito.kie.org/resource-generic  | src/main/resources/generic |
|===

> You could see an example of configmap and a workflow with one of this annotation in the following file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could see an example of configmap and a workflow with one of these annotations in the following file:
```

Author: ok

> You could see an example of configmap and a workflow with one of this annotation in the following file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You could see an example of `ConfigMap` and a workflow with one of these annotations in the following file
```

Author: ok
